Enhance testing page (#695)
FormidableLabs/urql: docs/advanced/testing.md

- `useMutation` calls `executeMutation`
- `useSubscription` calls `executeSubscription`

> You saw in the section [Stream Patterns](../concepts/stream-patterns.md), that all these operations return a stream. Thanks to the `wonka` library you are able to generate different types of them. By doing so you can mock the different state of your operation (`fetching`, `error`, `success`)

Reviewer: Just some general corrections; also replacing "you" with "we" since we generally phrase our guides in the first-person plural :)

```suggestion
In the section [Stream Patterns](../concepts/stream-patterns.md) we've seen, that all methods on the client operate with and return streams. These streams are created using the `wonka` library and we're able to create streams ourselves to mock the different states of our operations, e.g. fetching, errors, or success with data.
```

> You'll probably use one of those utility to generate streams :

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You'll probably use one of these utility functions to create streams:
```

> - `empty`: It doesn’t emit any values when subscribed to and immediately completes. Useful to test if the operation have been call or not

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

I'd remove this as it wouldn't generate a "valid" hook state.

> - `never`: It doesn’t emit any values and never completes. Useful to test the fectching state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `never`: This stream doesn’t emit any values and never completes, which puts our `urql` code in a permanent `fetching: true` state.
```

> - `fromValue`: It emit the value you passed in and completes immediately afterwards. Useful to test the response of the operation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `fromValue`: This utility function accepts a value and emits it immediately, which we can use to mock a result from the server.
```

> - `makeSubject`: Allow you to create a source and push some response. Useful to test subscription and simulating changes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `makeSubject`: Allows us to create a source and imperatively push responses, which is useful to test subscription and simulate changes, i.e. multiple states.
```

> Create a mock client is pretty straightfoward. You just have to set a mock function to each `execute<OperationName>` and return the stream that fits the best with your test. After you created the mock client you can wrap your component with the `Provider` from `urql` and adding the client as it value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creating a mock `Client` is pretty quick as we'll create an object that contains the `Client`'s methods that the React `urql` hooks use. We'll mock the appropriate `execute` functions that we need to mock a set of hooks. After we've created the mock `Client` we can wrap components with the `Provider` from `urql` and pass it.
```

Removing "pretty straightfoward" as an intro here as it doesn't add any information :)

Author: Right, this paragraph was kind of ugly :)

Here's an example client mock being used while testing a component.

```tsx
import { mount } from 'enzyme';
import { Provider } from 'urql';

> import { empty } from 'wonka';

Reviewer: ```suggestion
import { never } from 'wonka';
```

import { MyComponent } from './MyComponent';

const mockClient = {

>   executeQuery: jest.fn(() => empty),
>   executeMutation: jest.fn(() => empty),
>   executeSubscription: jest.fn(() => empty),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  executeQuery: jest.fn(() => never),
  executeMutation: jest.fn(() => never),
  executeSubscription: jest.fn(() => never),
```

};
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

The above client we've created mocks all three operations — queries, mutations, and subscriptions — to always remain in the `fetching: true` state.

```

## Subscriptions

> Testing subscription can be done by simulating the arriving of new data after an amount of time. To do that you can use `interval` from `wonka` and for each value we can set the response that we want to mock.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Testing subscriptions can be done by simulating the arrival of new data over time. To do this we may use the `interval` utility from `wonka`, which emits values on a timer, and for each value we can map over the response that we'd like to mock.
```

If you prefer to have more control on when the new data is arriving you can use the `makeSubject` utility from `wonka`. You can see more details in the next section.

> Here's an example of testing a list component which use subscription.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of testing a list component which uses a subscription.
```

```tsx
const mockClient = {

>   executeSubscription: jest.fn(() =>
>     pipe(
>       interval(200),
>       map((i: number) => ({
>         data: { posts: { id: i, title: 'Post title', content: 'This is a post' } },
>       }))
>     )
>   ),

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  executeSubscription: jest.fn(query =>
    pipe(
      interval(200),
      map((i: number) => ({
        // To mock a full result, we need to pass a mock operation back as well
        operation: {
          operationName: 'subscription,
          context: {},
          ...query,
        },
        data: { posts: { id: i, title: 'Post title', content: 'This is a post' } },
      }))
    )
  ),
```

The `operation`

Reviewer: Just as a note, I'll need to come back to this and add more notes on how to create `Operation`s for mocking purposes, since that's pretty important. This is a quick and dirty solution that'll work for most users though

import { makeSubject } from 'wonka';
import { MyComponent } from './MyComponent';

> const { source: stream, next: pushResponse } = makeSubject();

Author: I also try to use this code for real and I got an error from this line (`(0 , _wonka.makeSubject) is not a function or its return value is not iterable`). I was able to get it work by doing that. Seems that the `makeSubject` returns a object instead of a tuple.

Reviewer: Yes, that's outdated code that hasn't been fixed up. Nice catch!
